Definitions
===========

**Notes:** This accounting module is close to an accounting-type "business", however it does not meet certain legal and fiscal requirements in this area.
These modules can not be used for taking account of commercial structures, competitive or professional associations but only type of structures run by volunteers.
The legal representative of the structure using this module must ensure that its books then follows the laws of its country in force.

Fiscal year
-----------

An accounting period is a time period over which a
legal entity (company, association or other) records all
money movements pertaining.

This period is usually 12 consecutive months from January 1 to December 31 but can vary
from one entity to another. The legal term is, however, attached to a
up to 2 years. The duration of the exercise is fixed in advance and do
may be amended only by decision of the Board.

Third book
----------

A third book is a natural or legal person
which an entity will have monetary exchange (customers,
suppliers, employees, governments ...).

Accounting journal
------------------

An accounting journal is a combination accounting entries to classify them.

The default log are:

* Shopping newspaper containing all the entries relating to purchases made by an entity
* Sale of newspaper containing all the entries relating to expenditure incurred by an entity
* Journal of receipts containing all the entries relating to movement on monetary accounts (bank account, cash account ...) in relation to the expenditure and revenue of the entity
* Again deferrals log containing entries for the passage of an accounting period at its next
* Various operations log containing all the other writings (eg financial costs ...)

Accounting entries
------------------

An accounting entry is a set of lines listed in various
accounting accounts for a balance.
The sum of a writing credits must be equal to the sum of the rates of the same writing.

For example, a call writing is schematically by:

* A line to the credit of third-party representing the entire amount of the invoice
* One or more lines to the flow of the corresponding expense accounts to the type of purchased resources (equipment, services ...)
 
Total lines in charge of accounts is equal to the amount
focused on the third line account provider.

The collection accounting entries can and should be pointed to mark the reconciliation to bank accounts and
physical cash. This way, one can easily follow the entries made in the accounts but not yet effective in
reality. The score is required for the passage of an accounting period in his next.

It is also possible and recommended lettrer the scriptures, ie to create a subset
coherent entries from various newspapers to stipulate that correspond to the same real-life operation.

Eg the accounting entry of purchase of a property can be lettered with his writing collection.

Accounting plan of fiscal year
------------------------------

The accounting plan is the set of accounts used to
During a fiscal year, based on accounting
commonly accepted by the tax authorities.

Account numbers must always begin with the prefix given by the
accounting plan in force at the time of account creation.