Reports
=======

In the category *Financial/Bookkeeping*, you have access to a set of reports for your accounting.
You can view your report as well as performing printing via PDF generation of this report.
Furthermore, for any non-fenced exercises, you can specify a period of consultation.
This is mainly useful to help you do your bank reconciliations or if you need to edit Quarterly Financials situations.

Income statement
----------------

The income statement is an accounting document summarizing all the charges and of a company or other body products with a commercial activity, during a sound accounting year.
This document gives the net result is to say that the company has earned (earnings) or lost (loss) during the period.

Balance sheet
-------------

The balance sheet is a photograph of the business assets to perform a business valuation, specifically to know after adjustment (eg optical heritage to that of fair value option for the adoption of international standards ) how it is and if it is solvent.
So there are three purposes in the balance sheet: - The internal balance sheet, usually detailed, used by the company responsible for various internal analysis; - The official balance sheet, intended for accounting controllers (auditors and auditors) and shareholders (and more generally to third parties); - The tax balance sheet, which is used to determine the taxable profit;

Ledger
------

The ledger is the collection of all accounts used by a company which holds its double-entry bookkeeping.

Trial balance
-------------

The book balance is a state of a period established from the list of all accounts of the great book of the company (whether on- or management) and containing all the totals (or mass) flow rate and credit these accounts and unlike all debit and credit balances.

Listing of entities
-------------------

Since the screen the list of journal entries, you can export all of fiscal scriptures.
You can view, print, export to PDF or CSV format (can import your entries in a spreadsheet).

Listing of chats of account
---------------------------

Since the accounting plan of exercise screen, you can export all accounting code used entries and balance of the moment.
You can view, print, export to PDF or CSV format (can import your entries in a spreadsheet).
